1. A,D
2. A,B,C
3. B
4. B
5. A
6. C
7. D
8. B
9. B
10. A
11. A data warehouse, also known as an enterprise data warehouse. It is a technology that aggregates structured data from one or more sources so that it can be compared 
    and analyzed for greater business intelligence. It involves data cleaning, data integration, and data consolidations.
    
12. OLAP stands for On-Line Analytical Processing. It is used for analysis of database information from multiple database systems at one time such as sales analysis and 
    forecasting, market research, budgeting.In OLAP database there is aggregated, historical information, stored in multi-dimensional schemas.   
    Example:  Data Warehouse is the example of OLAP system.

    OLTP stands for On-Line Transactional processing. It is used for maintaining the online transaction and record integrity in multiple access environments. OLTP is a system 
    that manages very large number of short online transactions.In the OLTP database, there is an accurate and current record, and schema used to save transactional database 
    is the entity model.
    Example:    Online banking, Sending a text message etc.
    
13. Characteristics of data-warehouse:
     1. Subject-oriented: It means the data warehousing process intends to deal with a particular subject that is more defined.
     2. Time-variant: It discovers different time limits that modulate within the large amounts of data and holds in online transaction processing.
     3. Non-volatile: It encompasses the high quantity of data that enters into change within the selected quantity on logical business.
     4. Integrated: It is similar to the subject orientation that made in a consistent format.It should resolve the problems and make the disparate problem.
     
14. A star schema is the simplest form of a dimensional model, in which data is organized into facts and dimensions. It includes one or more fact tables indexing any number 
     of dimensional tables. It is also efficient for handling basic queries. Star schemas are optimized for querying large data sets and are used in data warehouses and data 
     marts to support OLAP cubes, business intelligence and analytic applications, and ad hoc queries.  
     
15. SETL is a high-level programming language that's based on the mathematical theory of sets.IT is an interpreted language with a syntax that resembles C and in many cases 
    similar to Perl. In SETL every statement is terminated by a semicolon. Variable names are case-insensitive and are automatically determined by their last assignment. It
    is used for mathematical and telecommunications applications.    

    
